Add help on critical apps (#1030)
polkadot-js/apps: packages/app-democracy/src/md/basic.md

# Democracy

This application lets you view proposals and vote for or against a referendum.

> Anyone can create a proposal by depositing minimum value in a certain period of time (No. of Blocks). If someone likes the proposal, they could deposit the same amount of tokens to support it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can create a proposal by bonding the minimum deposit for a certain period of time (No. of Blocks). If someone likes the proposal, they could deposit the same amount of tokens to support it. The minimum deposit is currently 5 DOTs.
```
